propose link to using ros2-gbp language (#35729)
ros/rosdistro: REVIEW_GUIDELINES.md

        * The license must be reflected in the package.xml file of all sub-packages in the repository.
        * The source repository must be publicly accessible.
        * The source repository should contain one or more ROS packages (meaning they have a `package.xml` in the source repository). Packages that are not ROS packages can be accepted, but they are rare and require special handling in the release repository.

>     1. Our best practices for Rolling releases is to use an https://github.com/ros2-gbp repository for releases repositories. That way, we'll be able to automatically release this package from Rolling into the next ROS distribution (Iron). If you'd like to do this, then please see https://github.com/ros2-gbp/ros2-gbp-github-org/blob/latest/CONTRIBUTING.md on how to create one.

Reviewer: The information is good, but it doesn't quite match the "voice" of this document (which is passive).  I'd suggest:

```suggestion
    1. The best practices for Rolling releases is to use a release repository in the https://github.com/ros2-gbp organization. That way this package can be automatically released from Rolling into the next stable ROS distribution.  There are instructions in https://github.com/ros2-gbp/ros2-gbp-github-org/blob/latest/CONTRIBUTING.md describing how to create one.
```
